---
layout: post
title: 'Bank Beta External PT'
tags:
 - web
 - real-engagement
hero: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1501167786227-4cba60f6d58f?ixlib=rb-4.0.3&ixid=M3wxMjA3fDB8MHxzZWFyY2h8Mnx8YmFua3xlbnwwfHwwfHx8MA%3D%3D&auto=format&fit=crop&w=400&q=60
overlay: red
---

No images (image for the step by step PoC are essential as evidence but will not be provided
) or references will be provided, as this assessment was a real engagement. Additionally, all URLs and functionalities have been anonymized to ensure privacy and compliance with non-disclosure agreements (NDAs). {: .lead} <!--break-->

# Bank Beta

## Type of activity and objectives
The objective of this engagement was to conduct an external penetration assessment for the organization. The aim was to identify potential vulnerabilities that could potentially be exploited from outside sources, with the goal of preventing unauthorized access and compromise.
## Scope of evaluation
The evaluation was focused on the specific netblock assigned to the organization. This scope encompassed assessing the security and potential vulnerabilities within this network range.
## Executive Summary
The conducted assessment of the web application revealed significant security vulnerabilities, particularly in the form of Cross Site Scripting (XSS), Remote Code Execution (CVE-2020-10189) and a login bypass.
These vulnerabilities expose the application to potential exploitation by malicious actors.
Given the severity of these vulnerabilities, it is imperative for Corporate Alpha to address them promptly and effectively. 
## Finding Summary
- Cross Site Scripting (XSS)
- Remote Code Execution (CVE-2020-10189)
- Login Bypass
## Attack storyline or vulnerabilities with CVSS,CVE and remedations
### Reflected Cross Site Scripting (XSS) 
- CVSS Vector: CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N
#### Proof of Concept (PoC) 
Cross Site Scripting (XSS) Proof of Concept (PoC):

The web application exhibited Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in multiple parameters. These vulnerabilities allowed us to inject malicious scripts and execute them in the context of unsuspecting users' browsers, potentially compromising their security and data. The following parameters were found to be susceptible:

- **/[email parameter]**
- **/[name of an arbitrarily supplied URL parameter]**
- **/[newPassword parameter]**
- **/[password parameter]**
- **/[remember-me parameter]**
- **/[repeatPassword parameter]**
- **/[username parameter]**
- **/login [email parameter within the url parameter]**
- **/login [username parameter within the url parameter]**
- **/login [newPassword parameter within the url parameter]**
- **/login [password parameter within the url parameter]**
- **/login [remember-me parameter within the url parameter]**
- **/login [repeatPassword parameter within the url parameter]**
- **/login [url parameter]**

The following payloads were utilized for exploitation, aiming to confirm the vulnerabilities' existence:

- **ag4i6'-alert(1)-'ttyni**
- **14606';alert(1)//925**
- **%27;alert(1)//**
- **{{%27;alert(1)//}}**

The provided PoC demonstrates how an attacker can exploit the XSS vulnerability to execute arbitrary JavaScript code within the context of the application's pages. This could lead to various security risks, including stealing user credentials, session hijacking, defacement, or spreading malware.

#### Remediations
To remediate this vulnerability, developers should implement proper input validation and sanitization for user-provided data before rendering it in the application's responses. Encoding or escaping special characters within the input helps prevent the execution of injected scripts. Additionally, applying a strong Content Security Policy (CSP) can restrict the sources of executable code, further mitigating the risk of XSS attacks. Regular security testing and code reviews are essential to identify and fix such vulnerabilities.

### Remote Code Execution (CVE-2020-10189)
- CVSS Vector: CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H
#### Proof of Concept (PoC) 
Zoho ManageEngine Desktop Central before 10.0. 474 allows remote code execution because of deserialization of untrusted data in getChartImage in the FileStorage class.

By running the following exploit https://github.com/zavke/CVE-2020-10189-ManageEngine against the target, it was possible to execute remote code on the target system.

#### Remediations
- Update to Patched Version: Upgrade to a version of Zoho ManageEngine Desktop Central that includes the fix for CVE-2020-10189. Ensure that you are using a version equal to or later than 10.0.474.

- Application Whitelisting: Implement application whitelisting to allow only authorized and approved applications to run on your systems.


### Login Bypass
- CVSS Vector: CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H
#### Proof of Concept (PoC) 
The Proof of Concept (PoC) demonstrates a scenario where the login mechanism of a web application can be bypassed by directly accessing a hardcoded dashboard path in the source code. This action allows an attacker to bypass the login and gain unauthorized access to the web application with low-level privileges. 
#### Remediations
- Proper access controls and authentication mechanisms are crucial to prevent such login bypass scenarios and protect the application's security.
