---
layout: post
title: 'Hospital external PT'
tags:
 - web
 - real-engagement
hero: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1538108149393-fbbd81895907?ixlib=rb-4.0.3&ixid=M3wxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8fA%3D%3D&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1528&q=80
overlay: red
---

No images (image for the step by step PoC are essential as evidence but will not be provided
) or references will be provided, as this assessment was a real engagement. Additionally, all URLs and functionalities have been anonymized to ensure privacy and compliance with non-disclosure agreements (NDAs). {: .lead} <!--break-->

# Hospital

## Type of activity and objectives
The objective of this engagement was to conduct an external penetration assessment for the organization. The aim was to identify potential vulnerabilities that could potentially be exploited from outside sources, with the goal of preventing unauthorized access, compromise and data exfiltration.
## Scope of evaluation
The evaluation was focused on the outised surface of the organization. This scope encompassed assessing the security and potential vulnerabilities within this external surface.
## Executive Summary
During the assessment, a vulnerability was identified that could potentially lead to session ID disclosure and subsequent accounts takeover. This vulnerability poses a serious risk to the security of the application and its users. Immediate action is recommended to address and remediate this issue to prevent unauthorized access and potential data breaches.
## Finding Summary
- SESSION ID disclosure to accounts takeover
- JBOSS default credentials
## Attack storyline or vulnerabilities with CVSS,CVE and remedations
### SESSION ID disclosure to accounts takeover
- CVSS Vector: None
#### Proof of Concept (PoC) 
The JavaMelody page is accessible both internally and externally through the following path:
- /monitoring -> Session ID cookie disclosure for every logged-in user, historical data is also retained
- Provides access to various modules: microbiology, billing, surgery, health procurement, hematology
- Allows modification of passwords and file uploads
- Remote server control
- Commission calculation for medications and financial reports
#### Remediations
- Disable Java Melody monitoring page
### JBOSS default credentials
- CVSS Vector: None
#### Proof of Concept (PoC) 
Login into the JBoss server was possible using default credentials.
#### Remediations
- Change default credentials