---
layout: post
title: 'APT38 Lazarus'
tags:
  - CTI
  - APT
hero: https://plus.unsplash.com/premium_photo-1673543763969-1d54002352d0?ixlib=rb-4.0.3&ixid=M3wxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8fA%3D%3D&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1470&q=80
overlay: red
---

This technical analysis examines the advanced persistent threat (APT) techniques employed by North Korean state-sponsored hackers. These highly sophisticated cyber espionage operations have been observed targeting various sectors globally. The analysis explores their attack vectors, tools, evasion techniques, and potential motives, highlighting the need for robust cybersecurity measures to counter their threat. {: .lead} <!–-break-–>

# Threat Actor Profile

## Executive Summary
North Korea, through its state-sponsored hacking groups, has been actively engaging in cyber espionage to gather intelligence, acquire funds, and potentially disrupt adversaries. The primary APT groups attributed to North Korea include Lazarus Group, APT37 (also known as ScarCruft or Reaper), and APT38 (also known as Bluenoroff). These actors have shown exceptional technical prowess and agility, presenting significant challenges for the global cybersecurity community.
The Lazarus (DarkSeoul group) is controlled by Bureau 121, a North Korean intelligence agency that is responsible for conducting military cyber campaigns.
North Korean APT groups employ various attack vectors to infiltrate their targets. These may include spear-phishing emails, watering hole attacks, supply chain compromise, and exploitation of software vulnerabilities. Their targets span across industries, including finance, defense, critical infrastructure, government, media, and technology sectors. The diversity of their targets demonstrates their focus on intelligence gathering, financial gain, and geopolitical interests.
North Korean state-sponsored hackers are driven by various motives, including:

a. Intelligence Gathering: Gathering strategic intelligence on foreign governments, military activities, and economic information.

b. Financial Gain: Targeting financial institutions and cryptocurrency assets to fund their operations and alleviate economic sanctions.

c. Geopolitical Influence: Conducting disruptive cyber-espionage to assert their influence and support the regime's interests.

## Abour and organization layout
As an underground hacking group, the Lazarus Group is not a formal organization with a public organizational chart or official structure. Instead, it is considered a loose association of hackers believed to be operating under the direction of the North Korean government.

The individuals comprising the Lazarus Group are likely to be highly skilled and may operate independently or in small teams. Attribution in the cyber realm can be challenging, as hackers often use various techniques to mask their identities and locations.

## Targets

North Korean APT groups have increasingly targeted the software supply chain to distribute their malware. By compromising trusted vendors, they can infect a large number of targets simultaneously, maximizing their impact.
The group is known for its advanced cyber capabilities and is involved in a wide range of cyber operations, including espionage, financial theft, and disruptive attacks.

## Victims

Sony Pictures Entertainment (2014):
Lazarus Group was attributed to the infamous cyberattack on Sony Pictures Entertainment, known as the "Sony Pictures hack." The attack involved leaking sensitive company data, unreleased movies, and internal communications. The incident caused significant financial and reputational damage to the company.

Bangladesh Bank (2016):
The Lazarus Group was implicated in a massive cyber heist against the Bangladesh Central Bank. The attack involved fraudulent SWIFT transactions that resulted in the theft of approximately $81 million.

WannaCry Ransomware Victims (2017):
The Lazarus Group was linked to the WannaCry ransomware attack, which infected hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide. Notable victims included the UK's National Health Service (NHS) and various organizations in Europe and Asia.

Cryptocurrency Exchanges:
Lazarus Group has targeted multiple cryptocurrency exchanges to steal funds and evade international sanctions. Notable incidents involved attacks on exchanges like Bithumb and Coincheck.

South Korean Entities:
Various South Korean entities, including government agencies, media organizations, and financial institutions, have been victims of Lazarus Group cyberattacks.

Global Financial Institutions:
The Lazarus Group has targeted several financial institutions worldwide in attempts to steal funds, gain intelligence, and disrupt financial systems.

Aerospace and Defense Companies:
Lazarus Group has been linked to cyber-espionage operations against aerospace and defense companies, targeting sensitive military and defense-related information.

United Nations (UN) Security Council Sanctions Monitoring Committee:
The group targeted the UN Security Council Sanctions Monitoring Committee to gather intelligence and manipulate reports related to North Korea sanctions.

## $ThreatActor Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures (TTPs)
North Korean hackers are known for developing custom malware and toolsets to achieve their objectives stealthily. They often rely on Remote Access Trojans (RATs), keyloggers, and data exfiltration tools. Notable examples include:

a. DDoS Botnets: Lazarus Group has been linked to the development of the Mirai-based malware, which creates powerful botnets for launching distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks.

b. Banking Trojans: APT38 is notorious for developing sophisticated banking malware like "FASTCash," targeting financial institutions to steal large sums of money.

c. Cryptocurrency Mining: To fund their operations and evade sanctions, North Korean hackers have engaged in cryptocurrency mining using malware like "AppleJeus."

To avoid detection and analysis, North Korean APT groups utilize advanced evasion techniques:

a. Fileless Malware: They make use of fileless malware, residing solely in memory, leaving little to no traces on disk.

b. Code Obfuscation: Their malware employs complex obfuscation techniques to hinder reverse engineering efforts.

c. Zero-Day Exploits: North Korean hackers have been observed using zero-day vulnerabilities to exploit systems before patches are available.

d. Geographic Diversification: They often launch attacks from different geographic locations to mislead investigators

Attributing cyberattacks to North Korea can be complex due to the use of proxy servers, hacked infrastructure, and shared TTPs (Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures) with other state-sponsored groups. 

Attack: WannaCry Ransomware (Attributed to Lazarus Group)
Date: May 2017
TTPs:

Exploitation of Vulnerability: WannaCry leveraged the EternalBlue exploit, which targeted a vulnerability in Microsoft's Server Message Block (SMB) protocol (CVE-2017-0144).
Propagation: The ransomware spread through worm-like behavior, scanning for vulnerable systems and infecting them without user interaction.
Ransomware Encryption: WannaCry encrypted files on infected systems and demanded ransom payments in Bitcoin for decryption keys.
Attack: Bangladesh Bank Heist (Attributed to Lazarus Group)
Date: February 2016
TTPs:

Spear Phishing: The attackers sent spear-phishing emails to employees of the Bangladesh Bank, tricking them into opening malicious attachments.
SWIFT Manipulation: Once inside the bank's network, the hackers manipulated the SWIFT financial messaging system to initiate fraudulent money transfers.
Use of Multiple Hops: The attackers used intermediary banks to further obscure the origin of the fraudulent transactions.
Attack: Operation GhostSecret (Attributed to Lazarus Group)
Date: Early 2018
TTPs:

Supply Chain Compromise: Lazarus Group compromised a South Korean company's software update mechanism to distribute malware to its customers.
Fileless Malware: The malware resided solely in memory, making it difficult to detect using traditional antivirus software.
Geographic Diversification: The attackers used IP addresses from multiple countries to conduct their operations.
Attack: AppleJeus (Attributed to Lazarus Group)
Date: 2018
TTPs:

Malicious Software Disguise: Lazarus Group disguised the malware as legitimate cryptocurrency trading applications to trick victims into installing it.
Cryptocurrency Theft: The malware stole cryptocurrency from victim wallets and transferred it to the attackers' accounts.
Geographic Diversification: The attackers used IP addresses from various countries during their attacks.
Attack: FASTCash (Attributed to APT38)
Date: 2016 - Ongoing
TTPs:

Targeting Financial Institutions: APT38 targeted financial institutions in various countries, specifically those with weak security controls.
Use of Fake Authentication: The attackers used fake authentication messages to manipulate and withdraw large sums of money from ATMs.
Money Laundering: Stolen funds were transferred through various intermediary accounts and methods to obscure their origins.

### References
1. https://github.com/curated-intel/Threat-Actor-Profile-Guide
2. https://www.mandiant.com/resources/blog/apt38-details-on-new-north-korean-regime-backed-threat-group
3. https://www.group-ib.com/blog/lazarus/ 
